capital = 1046
primary_culture = cossack
culture = ukrainian
culture = tatar
religion = orthodox
government = colonial_company
plurality = 0.02
nationalvalue = pm_no_minister
literacy = 0.15
civilized = yes
prestige = 5

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = party_appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = good_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools


#New Reforms
debt_law = serfdom
penal_system = capital_punishment

citizens_rights = primary_culture_only

centralization = unitary
colonial_policy = no_colonies

set_country_flag = orthodox_country

ruling_party = "Nobility Faction"
upper_house = {
    fascist = 0
    liberal = 15
    conservative = 70
    reactionary = 15
    anarcho_liberal = 0
    socialist = 0
    communist = 0
}

#tech
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
army_command_principle = 1
clipper_design = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
naval_design_bureaus = 1
alphabetic_flag_signaling = 1
the_command_principle = 1
private_banks = 1
no_standard = 1
guild_based_production = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
piston_steam_engine = 1
mechanical_production = 1



oob = "DON_oob.txt"
